FEATURES TO ADD:
    - multiple selections
    - need control over the order of actions
    - make the upload que sortable
    - Restarting of failed and cancelled uploads.
    - Panes should be resizable.
    - info panel can be turned off
    - actions are actually node methods
        node.files.mkdir()
        node.files.delete()
        node.files.move()
        should raise an exception if they cant do it.
        the ui still checks for ext changes and such
    - allow_* should be show_* and affect the action panel only.

- Need to be more obvious about how everything works.
    Remember who it is for.


BUGS:
    √ needs to deal with user timeout better
        pulse the api.signal every 5 minutes
    √ you can rename over existing files
        alert that this isn't allowed
    √ you can move file into folder with file of same name
        prompt if they want to overwrite it
    √ visual jump on opening directories
    √ dropping files into an open directory with no children
        they do not appear instantly
    √ you can upload over files
        don't allow it at request time
        append a _# at moving time.
    √ should warn if you are changing file extensions
    √ flash the upload markup instead of removing it
    √ click to remove the upload markup
        instead of it removing itself
    √ partial uploads are still put into place
        they should be rejected and an error passed back down
    √ either the iframe finishing OR the status coming back "done" should flag a file as done
        or don't go off the iframe at all...
    √ need a sanity check on the upload checks. if the ticket hasnt updated in a couple seconds there is something wrong
    √ ability to cancel uploads
    √ ability to remove uploads from que
    √ ability to handle half uploaded files
        With Firefox on my laptop and work machines, the predicted size is exactly the same as the number of uploaded bytes.
        If they don't match, it is incomplete.
    √ collapsing the folder of the selected file should select the collapsed folder
    √ counter on the ticket to see how many times it has been probed
        use this so that ticket updates come back in order
        don't need to do this, as I wait for an update to come back before asking for the next
    √ more graceful handling of "The specified ID does not exist" errors
        it was send with id = "undefined"
    √ sometimes it checks if upload.id == res.id, and upload is null
    √ temp upload directory should be in config (and be /app/uploads)
    √ matching progress bar colours for different states.
    √ On naming collisoin, remember if they were warned, and don't warn a second time.
    √ make sure I am removing iframes and forms for uploads.
    √ Toggle div should have a &nbsp; in it.
    √ speed, bytes uploaded, eta calculations
    √ Add a message into the upload markup for the message coming back from the server.
    √ tailor message better
    √ average out eta samples.
    √ speed = 0 leads to infinity eta
    √ click on the eta to swtich from eta to elapsed mode
    √ smoothly animate the progress bar.
    √ need to change the selection when renaming things

    - long upload descriptions tend to force layout wierdnedd with the elapsed time
    - overly long file names tend to wrap to the next line in wierd circumstances
        Ask shane about this one.
    - need to catch api errors on the Upload.pulse